# Studi
## The simple way™

## Hi Team! Anya here.

I'm struggling to understand or be able to make an impact on what Ethan is doing, so I've rebooted it in python.
Python makes everything super easy to do and understand. 
I used this tutorial to get everything started, check it out: https://pythonspot.com/en/login-authentication-with-flask/
This is going to be a responsive webapp, which should eliminate the need for an actual mobile build.

Here's what I think we can do to move forward with this:

Front end people: Look into HTML5UP. It's open-source and free for personal and commercial use. I'm happy to help out if you're confused as to how to integrate a pre-made template into this project. 
Modifying the HTML5UP templates is kindof a pain but they look really great and it's fairly easy to edit once you look at the code and what it spits out.

Back end people: We need to do 3 things:
- Sign Up SQL database plugin
- API calls to get location (Mapquest: https://developer.mapquest.com/documentation/)
- Modify database to inlude: 
  - Last known location
  - Topic studying
  - broadcast location (Yes/no field)

I whipped this up in ~2ish hours and it has a SQL backend so we can talk about that for the 3rd milestone.
I'm not going to enforce pull requests because this is a small one-semester project and I think it's more important for everyone to just be able to contribute instead of being moderated by one member. 
I've forgotten to add some of you as contributers because don't know your usernames, so please message me on slack and I will do so asap.

How to get your instance up and running:
Install flask: ```pip install flask```
Install SqlAlchemy: ```pip install Flask-SqlAlchemy ```
Make sure your directory is accessible to all files ```chmod -R 777 . ```

```
$python main.py
```
Launches flask on localhost:4000

Login creds are stored in a sql database generated by tabledef.py and filled by dummy.py
